Scope.Transaction is now AsyncLocal (#3596)
getsentry/sentry-dotnet: CHANGELOG.md

- `Device.BatteryLevel` and `Device.ProcessorFrequency` are now stored as floats rather than ints, to align with the Cocoa and Java SDKs ([#3567](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-dotnet/pull/3567))
- `SentryOptions.EnableTracing` has been removed. Instead, tracing should be enabled or disabled by setting the `SentryOptions.TracesSampleRate` or by using `SentryOptions.TracesSampler` to configure a sampling function ([#3569](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-dotnet/pull/3569))
- The `FailedRequestTargets`, `TagFilters` and `TracePropagationTargets` options have all been changed from `SubstringOrRegexPattern` to `IList<StringOrRegex>` ([#3566](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-dotnet/pull/3566))

> - Scope.Transaction is now always stored as an AsyncLocal, even in Global Mode, to prevent auto-instrumented spans from the UI ending up parented to transactions from a background task (or vice versa) ([#3596](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-dotnet/pull/3596))

Reviewer: how about:
```suggestion
- `Scope.Transaction` is now always stored as an `AsyncLocal` also in [Global Mode](https://docs.sentry.io/platforms/dotnet/configuration/options/#is-global-mode-enabled), to prevent auto-instrumented spans from the UI ending up parented to transactions from a background task (or vice versa). ([#3596](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-dotnet/pull/3596))
```
